WIP: 🎉(frontend) setup turborepo architecture with vite (#1)
openfun/cunningham: packages/tokens/README.md

# @openfun/cunningham-tokens

## Introduction

**What are design tokens ?**

Design tokens are the fundamental variables defining the precise behavior and rendering of ui components.

For example:
- The primary color of a text element
- The standard spacing between two elements
- The border radius of a button
- ...

## Getting started

In this section we will install the library and generate the file that contains the design tokens of your app in order to 
make Cunningham's Design System yours!

Install the lib

```
yarn add @openfun/cunningham-tokens
```

Create a file named `cunningham.cjs` at the root of your project

```
module.exports = {
  theme: {
    colors: {
      primary: 'purple'
    },
  },
};
```

In this configuration file you can overwrite all the default values of the design system. 
You can find the default values [here](./src/bin/cunningham.dist.js).

Now add this script to your `package.json`

```
{
    "scripts": {
        ...
        "build-theme": "cunningham"
    }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: I'll just detail here or just above what is the cunningham CLI. Then mention that `cunnigham -h` can detail all available options.

And in order to generate the tokens css file, run 

```
yarn build-theme
```

It will generate a file named `cunningham-tokens.css`. **Don't forget to run this command everytime you

> change the content of the `cunningham.cjs` file !**

Reviewer: Less confusing what do you think ?
```suggestion
change the content of the `cunningham.js` file !**
```

Author: I would prefer toop, however, this is not possible to do so because most of frontend's package will have `type: "module"` in their `package.json` and because of Node.js CJS constraints that we previously talked about we **must** import config file a CJS, not ESM. 

So shortly: if the extension is .js it will try to import the config file as ESM within a CJS executed bin, and it will crash 😅
Using the `cjs` extension forces Node.js to treat it as CJS even if it is in a module setup.

Author: For instance you can take a look to how Storybook generated its config file in the react repo. It did the same thing.

Reviewer: Indeed ! ESMess

> Then, add these lines at the top of your project's SASS file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, add these lines at the top of your main stylesheet file:
```
